Delivering Managed Content to Your Native Apps
==============================================

#### Abstract

> As technology evolves, the opportunity for marketers to drive customer loyalty and engagement through mobile apps multiplies. Existing app tools primarily focus only on the developer but it is the marketer that also needs a way to directly update content and personalize their mobile app experiences to better deliver value to customers and differentiate from the competition. With the recent release of Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) apps for marketers a solution already exists.  AEM apps leverages a full suite of powerful web content management tools coupled with a cross-platform app development platform provided by Phonegap Enterprise.  The result is the ability for an organization to quickly deliver an improved app experience across all their segments at a reduced cost. Wait a minute!  What if your organization has already spent considerable time, energy and, most importantly, money on native apps for your brand?  You may not be in a position to move completely to the use of web technologies and cross-platform development provided by Phonegap Enterprise.  Even in this situation it is still possible to leverage the power of AEM apps by integrating the content directly into your existing native apps. This developer focused presentation will cover in detail how content created with AEM apps can then be integrated into an existing native app.  The presentation will focus on Android development but will touch on iOS differences as well.  After a brief discussion on the problem to be solved and some of the possible solutions available we’ll dive right into a demo of the native app that will be used throughout the presentation.  We will then show the process of integrating AEM generated content into a native app project.  Once integrated into the native app it will be possible to highlight how content in the app can be updated without any further native development being required.  Finally, we will also demonstrate the ability for AEM content to communicate with the rest of the native application. 

#### Bio

Anthony is a software developer on the AEM Research & Development team at Adobe with a passion for creating well designed and engaging user experiences.  During his 15 year career Anthony has been actively involved with the integration of web technologies into the form processing capabilities of Adobe’s enterprise software.   More recently Anthony’s focus has shifted to exploring the capabilities of the mobile web and mobile apps including contributions to AEM managed services, responsive simulator, touch interface and Phonegap integration. 

When not chasing his two young daughters around Anthony also enjoys getting out on the mountain bike trails near his home and relaxing on a patio with friends.
